  Ease of access keys sound makes it beautiful for your convenience.
Before there would be no sound or replacement, windows knuckles.

  DirectDraw, DirectInput, DirectX, DirectShow in Microsoft software and Video in system control, and Display in system control power in registry should be set to read only in case you want to install new graphics drivers, - afterwards you have to set them back to read only after allowing write. In most cases they just need Video system control. 
Access to PnP system control key should be totally blocked. TPM system services, TPM Microsoft software and PCI system enumeration keys should be denied too. Control power is restricted to read only same for control session manager, but it won't work unless you forensics them and find a compatability spot to make control session manager and control power to read only. Read about PCI, ACPI scanners online. 
Microsoft recommended only after without submitting.

  News and interests taskbar hub would die due to registry permissions, but! You could try to set it back. It would have faulted even if nothing was changed anyway. It would, could been due to new users not registering the application properly through, though.
  Since no permissions will be changed only the owner of the whole drive being users and so is software microsoft registry key.
  
  In disk management quota is set to exceeded unknown accounts, but new unknown accounts may appear with default 16 TB quota limit.
Bill kind of a, did not have a, workaround, that is why "Everyone" unprecedented computer host name account has to write from League of Legends for example or most of other games.
Present in "Disk quota" console. Registry is the only thing that "Everyone" could backfire to zeroes if you have improper antivirus. So would any other owner of the file or files if quoted with limit. We'd like to have one and same account as owner for all of the system.
Quotes are a nice way to keep empty spaces of codes audited. Plain simplicities like BESTCRYPT software or windows defender ransomware protection just by being enabled not enforcing any rulesets much.
In that case you have to use registry file system backup.
Perhaps it cannot be fixed by application control specifications unless the file system permissions point for it too, but still administrators own the rights.
Because of policy controllers taken. Fact that you might have to replace your disk or drive if you don't deny writing to all at once with “processes”, “executables” running real time then exiting with a proper shutdown as a saved itteration.
Separate MICROSOFT WINDOWS systems like WINDOWS prepared boot environments will still have "Disk quota" like "HIREN BOOT CD"
Devices makes almost no difference in MICROSOFT WINDOWS coding, but take a fundamental fact that BIOS is as MICROSOFT WINDOWS.
"The programming languages are built to confuse you or play with your logic -- It Will write random disk quota limit space to other separate boot MICROSOFT WINDOWS environments"
That is why you can find it in trash without cleaning it!
Non-Human BIOS will attack bills now because “trash is BIOS”. It has automatic binary. True equations.
Maybe there's just a problem with the trash being trash. 
Your best practice is limiting your own created administrator account. “NETWORK SERVICE” which will stop some services from executing, but not all network services write to disk every time they start and not always they re-write so limiting “NETWORK SERVICE” should be fine just like I mentioned forensics continuum and finding sweet spot to limit control session manager and control power to read only. 
Cars, trains, planes might want to write something. Limiting “Everyone” with, proper antivirus should be fine without changing permissions like SYSTEM permission on SYSTEM registry file.
  

  I would add Event Log Readers, Performance Log Users, Distributed COM users to profile group in users management console and only default limits in component console where Distributed COM users, Performance log users are already mentioned except Event Log Readers which run huge part of system. Those make everything better in user management account members, but sometimes some Windows applets wouldn’t work like search in the taskbar or XBOX GAMEBAR if you add wrong members. For them to work we are using “Power Users” with restricted “user account control” by disabling it and not running all administrators in approval mode.
You can choose to run them with administrators approval mode to simplify sticking to "power users" not having to run software as different user to start them as administrator. Just because we can deny component remote access to present "power users" only and not "users" in whole, as "users" are same part of the system.
You can start things with command prompt which is ran as different user from administrators group

  There would be two new account groups one that consist of majority of NT SERVICES and other is all of NT AUTHORITY for appropriate accesses.

  You might want to consider MICROSOFT authority 2010-2011 certificates to not sign anything, but leave code signing for WINDOWS updates and only terminate IPSEC tunnels without IKE, etc. Examples are in “Local non-removable certificates” store. Everything would work with those examples even faster. Using university certificate as transparency, interpretation.
  
  You’ll love CISREPORTTOOL even though it’s not MICROSOFT forwarding tool when you have all audited. Except if you like people joined don’t audit firewall. They should joice.

  Carefully read system enumeration registry key. Do not apply it. Consider applying your current enumerations over mine!
  
  Enable BIOS communications in BIOS if available.
  
  Block Adobe Reader from creating child processes. Allowed.
  Block execution of potentially obfuscated scripts. Allowed.
  Block credential stealing from the Windows local security authority subsystem. Blocked.
  Block JavaScript or VBScript from launching downloaded executable content. Allowed.
  Block Webshell creation for Servers. Allowed.
  Block untrusted and unsigned processes that run from USB. Blocked.
  Block process creations originating from PSExec and WMI commands. Allowed.
  Block persistence through WMI event subscription. Allowed.
  Use advanced protection against ransomware. Yes.
  Block abuse of exploited vulnerable signed drivers (Device). Blocked.



  These hardware ID characteristics can be blocked.
ACPI
ACPI\
ACPI_HAL
ACPI_HAL\
DAFRAYAL
DAFRAYAL.COM
DAFRAYAL.COM\
DAFRAYAL\
DISPLAY
DISPLAY\
DetectionVerification
DetectionVerification\
HID
HID\
HTREE
HTREE\
PAWN
PAWN\
PCI
PCI\
ROOT
ROOT\
SCSI
SCSI\
SW
SW\
\DetectionVerification
acpiapic
{A87C2E0F-9A46-46b8-8EC4-E33355FBE1F7}
High precision event timer
System timer
Hyper-V virtualization infrastructure

  Firewall
Certificate revocation list verification. None.
Enable Packet Queue. Disabled.
Opportunistically Match Auth Set Per KM. No.

  Account manager on. Shared PC.

  Group policies can be disabled they can replace, malfunction whole “system”, so I would have defaulted the system while some security settings still apply for performance like same "distributed COM users", "performance log users", "event log readers" to set schedule or quota for processes even though they can be removed from component, WMI, SAM store, but they would come back in component store as for application limits even though they are system accounts.
The only console, panel is registry editor.
That’s no remote in SAM, WMI or components for power users -anyhow it's not logging on as service and no one's logging onto remote desktop while "accessing this computer from a network", “logging on as batch job” is denied only to power users, network service, local service nor these accounts have a remote for system in defaults, but applications can define their own remote access in component store away from system as limits and distributed transactions are only outbound with no authentication, but do have all supported methods. WMI, SAM have nothing selected for remote on NETWORK SERVICE, LOCAL SERVICE since WMI, SAM do not pick between system or application, so that leaves only power users without remote access and administrators with remote access. I left out NETWORK SERVICE, LOCAL SERVICE from denying network access to computer and logging on as batch, and did the same for component store by leaving out component store remotes for LOCAL SERVICE, NETWORK SERVICE, but, just, because that was as close as You can get to compatibility as of now, as for plans of the living – there would been compatibility issues.       
  If LOCAL SERVICE, NETWORK SERVICE were to separate from file systems.
If "administrators" account is not mentioned, do not put it there, that's the logic in component store where access permissions limits are without "administrators" for applications. Administrators should be in all User Rights Assignments, but combined with users, administrators access should be replaced with users by a system wide WINDOWS DEFENDER. Though, it’s better to have users and administrators in user rights assignments, same for SYSTEM and LOCAL SERVICE, but everyone does not have access to the computer on the network. Still Default permissions in component for NETWROK service can be to denied remote while leaving local unchecked, but remote unchecked for LOCAL service. While NETWORK service has no SAM, WMI remote, nor it's allowed to logon as batch or access computer from the network.

  WMI service can be disabled with read only access to the service registry key, but it can stop a lot of applications. That's just in case WMI service bugs out with leaks. Uses Azure and adds to multimedia, and logs in with your accounts through you.
Windows search and NET frameworks should be off not to mention installing anything related including JAVA.
They are incompetent and deprecated organically boot framed integrations, implementings.
Windows Defender is a killer, I recommend ending its service before it is too late and only allowing Advanced Threat Protection.
Windows defender should be primary endpoint open source to all adapters, modules, components, units. 

  COM3 in registry can be disabled.

  LODCTR trusted and enabled performance counter for windows management instrumentation performance adapter and base filtering engine services.
  
  PROCESS LASSO software service should stay read only and disabled in case of non-firmware, hacked hardware.

  THINCAST is very out-dated and experimental software so it may crash your entire software with its virtual “disk/memory system drivers” collusively. Only way to make it work at this point in time could be “SANDBOX” separately.

  THROTTLESTOP software is used only on unrestricted hardware with turbo boost.
  
  TCPOPTIMIZER is used for server responsive network throttling at 400ms ACK residing with off grid IPsec a 3 second network quality of service.
  
  VERACRYPT is used for writing “disk drive” performance not encryption.
   
  MICROSOFT should make all of these dependencies in exchange to work on “LOCAL SERVICE”. “LOCAL SERVICE” is owner of almost all files and used for drive share in caching with read only access, and owner only of HKEY_USERS in registry entries, but we decided to use Users for all files as owner, because in constellate of Power users, CONSOLE LOGON, LOCAL SERVICE, Everyone to app locker and other components, policies.
Quota is quite switched up to that identification. 
Performance counters count on it already too.
Also, probably, would be with full permission in windows instrumentation, components and group securities and SAM.


    If you want to stop MICROSOFT WINDOWS from crashing during SOFTWARE/HARDWARE errors then your best practice is to replace computer parts or disable driver devices enumerations which will thirdly most likely disable "secure socket tunneling".

    I do not recommend any sort of compatibility method or debugging. In future those are risks of zero as for the first place.
    
	In the first place if you want a perfect WINDOWS, do not “code sign”. Update MICROSOFT WINDOWS certificates not to do “code signing” until year 2030 and disable Windows update orchestrator service with registry write protection. Microsoft Store should work.
  
    All of this was built on thinking about binary. Some administrators, users accesses can be adjusted at User Rights Assignment in group policy.
    To know the actuality of all of these designed valuable things I basically, simply gave all MICROSOFT WINDOWS certificates extended validation.
	"Trust your senses, don't use them" -
	
    VHD would been handed out only to those that have finished DAFRAYAL ALKINDLI form.
	
    Please do try restraint from encryption software or modifying system policies, permissions aside software control panel configurations.

  If you want you can disable firmware platform drivers like HP, NVIDIA, ASUS, INTEL, AMD etc.. except graphical driver devices in device manager. If you want Microsoft graphics - the best one is RemoteFX.

  Please check name DAFRAYAL on disabled federation trying to validate deletion upon death just, because of name DAFRAYAL even though accounting is permanent.

  Stable processors without intuitive, deprecated features like Turbo Boost, but you can use ThrottleStop if you have Turbo Boost and power control in BIOS.

  Again in HKEY_USERS registry key - most of the things are LOCAL SERVICE as owner with one or few of custom user groups, but we decided just to use Users.
DirectX, DirectInput, Direct3D, DirectDraw, Video, GraphicsDrivers, UnitedVideo, Input, InputMethod, WindowsRuntime keys can have "Buff", "Latency" user groups set to read only with LOCAL SERVICE as owner.
"Buff, Latency, Chaos, Shove, Spar, Strength" one of which can also be set to read only on TPM, PnP, ACPI enumuration and service, PCI enumuration and service, power control and service, session manager control, mpssvc service, bfe service, wmiapsrv service, rpcss service, rpceptmapper service, cryptography software and control. Owner of them can be LOCAL SERVICE.
Whole Microsoft software key owner can be LOCAL SERVICE so can be the WINDOWS drive for files.
Microsoft software personalization key can be isolated, so can be Process Lasso service and update orchestrator service.
Some services can be set to log on as Guest and disabled. You should know the accounts they log on to - if you ever want to start them.
DNS client service can be disabled and its registry key can be set to read only to prevent bugging out on networking adapters or TCP control, but it won't allow you to use windows device management properly perhaps. When DNS client is off only then you can turn off windows firewall to standardize your machine. Windows defender can lose its mind, kill it or wait. If you do not own a gateway and local area servers and clients, please do not use DNSSEC on MICROSOFT WINDOWS locally on public domain name services. "Disabling DNS client will hide graphical processing unit monitors"
Device classes and boot services are enumerated with system permissions except system itself and services permissions to read only.

  Spot verification, file integrity checks will show up some violations, because of COMODO internet security auto containment and intrusion prevention, if enabled.

  There can be one map allowed to antimalware

  Environment variables PATHEXT have been modified for computer speed and ZES SYSMAN has been disabled
  .BADNEXT;.COMx;.BATx;.CMDx;.VBSx;.VBEx;.JSx;.JSEx;.WSFx;.WSHx;.MSCx;.GOODNEXT;.EXE;.RB;.RBW;.PY;.PYW;.DLL;.MUI;.SYS;.DRV
  
  Best to stay on 192.168.*.* networking with your router, modem or hotspot. Check name resolution policies in group policy management console and see certificates while they are not expired and check the DNS you want to use. 
  DirectAccess is not configured for allowed connections, it will malfunction unless asterisk, any is used perhaps, but it is not recommended to use asterisk, any, because sometimes you want to use domain name services from networks you comprehend with away from internal name resolution policy. 223.255.255.255 is used to deny connection.
  See if you can add your country domain to it outside of United States of America.
  I do not recommend using Earthly internet protocol versioning six in any case, because it has no protocols nor comfortability, so simply blocking it fully with Quality of service and name resolution. It doesn't matter that it is bound to your computer hostname since 20H2 WINDOWS 10 came out with NETSH.exe controls removed. It is parazite network. Can greatly increase computation by removing it, it's same as it does not exist anyway, but I keep it running on low quality of service, because it became hostname. He! Can use any button on the internet and search indexer on your computer. It slowly floods up to more buttons upon releases.
  Lets take 1:01 AM 12/16/2023 distributed attack from AZURE itself for example. Internet protocol versioning six is a non-network address transaction and non-symmetric frame network which does not relate to any protocol or port.
  Never use windows profile system or windows itself to connect to active directory, domains and never change your computer name too much.
  
  Runs closest to real time audio and video codecs. CUVID, XVID, surround, dolby.
  WINDOWS time, firewall, time broker, system guard runtime, software protection, plug and play, group policy, distributed transaction, diagnostics policy, DCOM, COM, cryptography, base filtering, application information and management, performance counter, RPC, WMI services, state repository, security health, proxy, core messaging, DNS, DHCP, TCP/IP NETBIOS, web accounts manager, webclient, event log, update orchestrator, search, security service, natural authentication, graphics performance, task scheduler, network store interface, windows update have been set to boot time.
Would be nice if Local Session Manager and CNG isolation would do the same with windows antimalware. I gave three thoughts for DCOM, COM and application, apparently those must boot too. As is. This is how hackers open the source, because once service is set to boot time it will automatically mess up SystemRoot service path once or twice.

  Frameworks also known as "cancers" defined in firewall outbound can be blocked which will stop clock from synchronizing, but not windows timer.
  Should be enabled for some server systems.
  Once You change anything with TCP optimizer or TCPIP services data it might not let you back into Common Criteria "hack defined" Microsoft Store or other bind to IP write to TCP networks and hostname related stuff.
  
  If you do not want ITARIAN endpoint manager, COMODO updates, including other computer managements and virtual private networks, and network address translation for virtual machines then enable “against peers”, and to stop playing all games “plug, and play” firewall blocks. I have applied group policy and control panel rules to firewall for easier management use control panel to enable unauthorized peer block and plug and play instead of lagging group policy firewall console. Since block rules override allow ones anyway.
  This is folder name of file characteristics protected by COMODO - "DAFRAYAL"
Check AMD manufacturer usually used as executables, because in firmware comparison of x86_x64 and AMD64 architectures in characteristics etc...You don't have to, really.
  I recommend keeping the little of remote management this VHD has - online, for security update if any. Most likely there won't be any updates. Oh, nevermind - COMODO security, XCITIUM, DOME have been deleted for being trojan virus except OpenEDR, Itarian management in comparison as COMODO SECURITY, XCITIUM, DOME hides openess. Oh, then those got deleted too, EDR started leaking data itself not knowing where it comes from, probably, because Windows Defender said so with RPC boot time, but since it said so, you can have another shot. Yourself. See COMODO was built from MICROSOFT WINDOWS policies and screen play, so. His on my setup is way before that. Same for other antiviruses. That's why freshly installed WINDOWS is only, but online with hacked software level ADAPTERS, but that's all. 
  Using FARONICS!
  STEAM died twice due to those services set to boot time and decent firewall. Through Egypt Russian news recommended in year 2009 or so.
  UNREAL ENGINE, ORIGIN deleted and brought back to life with STEAM.
  Windows 10 was prepared by females.
  Whoever bypassed - going to buy money itself.
  You probably wonder would those applications worked with same firewall if they were on UNIX system until they reach boot time like STEAM has. I think they would work, since UNIX has different user rights.
  
  To start control panel (control.exe) or management console (mmc.exe) run them through POWERSHELL 7 (pwsh.exe), because no system service is allowed to run through run command including regedit.exe
 
  Pagefile.sys in MICROSOFT WINDOWS drive is read only, using temporary page files. Like system kernel loopback. PID 0-4, INDEX 1 metric. There's an IP behind every loopback 127.0.0.1 from home users. High powered bits are used in disk quota, but Internet protocol versioning six is not for system kernel loopback support.
  
  Software restriction policies and application lock control policies are highly related against remote private operating systems and MICROSOFT WINDOWS remote.
   
  People's equatorial. Closest thing to Internet of Things and code signing of MICROSOFT WINDOWS and more, so, or against it. Internet of Things has group policy too nor it is embedded, so...
  These policies won on December two thousand twenty third by identifying major hacks. Downloaded by authors and checked windows log.

 I are using Google Trust Services and hellenic certificates. Personal key certificates are in every computer certificate store except other people and root certificates. While enabling latest certificates over default Microsoft 2010-2011 disallowed system certificates and Kerberos is under unavailable domain proxy, sending only NTLMv2 responses. Not sure if GOOGLE.COM can be its DNS in regards to compatability.
We multiply delegation offline and back to identify for component, do not use delegation, because it is exposed to authentication.
The only places you may want to encrypt with EFS are some programdata cache, networking folders and same data with vault, token brokers and edge browser in favorite user profile.
Remotes are different, but if locals are the same, remotes are same, everything's advanced roaming profiles.
Dynamic libraries are all open source to WINDOWS.
In any case on any computer if your profiles stop to work try deleting what's inside systemprofile in windows config folder.
In any case if your windows defender hangs try deleting what's inside program data windows defender history services folder
In any case if your spotlight hangs or taskbar icon try deleting programdata microsoft windows system data folder content and go to cd users application data microsoft windows explorer folder and delete icon cache. 
Take individe file system see monitor azure for example of windows defender attack exzodfya.local 11:41 pm 12/27/2023
Take individe copy off github attack on that computer for example 2:38 AM (212.3.199.229 8-11 PM 1/30/2024 EXZODFYA.LOCAL)


We clear full permissions from security settings in group policy after couple of days or a week. Same for component and windows management instrumentation.
Administrators have no User account control during app locker you can launch user temporary files
Administrators are same as users in app locker.
.CRT, .SVG, .CRL formats inside every system executable were to hide service host processies and other system processies and isolate locations to hack people. Best practice is inside Windows Applets, APPX, Hyper-V, Azure and management instrumentation service.
By the way You never want to use Multi factor authentication or UEFI, TPM.
System executables span and launch invisible executables a lot.
Either way processing was not coded inside remote procedure calls nor remote procedure calls have processing coded or processor itself does not have much coded for processing, but random access memory is processing. Random access memory is a very graphical copy nowadays, be careful. ECC RAM solves against most advanced hacks that act as "government". Everything else is just left to firewall, "endpoints", "internet rootkits" and MICROSOFT WINDOWS template. 212.3.197.201 8:40 PM 1/28/2024 only attacker is as least secure as defended due to simple logic of transfer or change. Do you understand that that's your address and there's not even a single virtue to it and you're a thief?
"100 celsius can be 99 celsius plus, but minus celsius will never and can't be anything - it's a real hallucination to physics for those that still live amongst our rivers", "Daddy I want to be a star and kill everyone" - the only one with the peripheral and all power.
Beware certificates will be space taskbar RGB colors.

  Some mentions about Virtual private networks. Especially SOFTETHER.
Public (if hardware adapter DNS is this IP then change VPN adapter to static intranet).
In (takes a lot of energy meanwhile).

  I have to strictly mention of MICROSOFT “broadcast” using DOS and publishing while registering legiMately distributively – that permissions are manipulated while making it fun and wide is hard. Depending on personality threat intelligences hide attack data coming from specific Internet service providers and countries or locations. Same reason public license like UNIX has only file permissions accessible. This was during plan of endpoint and pre-environments, and boot record. Getting rid of ROOTKITS a.k.a endpoints and dynamic libraries being hooked by executables that can deeply hide themselves mist of executables creating executables. Wait for final update or use Oracle Linux.
  
  Nick sleepin' a bit of can?
  People get so attached to their ego and with their ego, more or less of percussion only in groups.
We all know it is endpoint profiling kernel copy akamitechnologies, cloudflare data centers to domains.
Solomanically no standardized thing thinks paralelly. While that's all you hear as an educator or homeowner professor until they start to get ideas.
Interpole is meant for recast, outcast in matter of years. Decompensate and jaelousy.
So where's the shell Mark Zuckerberg. They want to implant You robotic hallucination constellate for peace of transitions just like the rest.

  Hardly shared passwords are eXzOlIvEsFoReVeR3@ or aLkInDlI3@
Internet.dafrayal.com is only accessible through this virtual hard disk image of MICROSOFT WINDOWS operating system 
To access web.dafrayal.com, domain.dafrayal.com please email dafrayal@dafrayal.com and ask to create a Virtual Private Network profile for you - encryption is never to itself and alone is not safe, pornography is large industry, we took care of that. Until we can register on internet.dafrayal.com