  Please do try restraint from encryption software or modifying system policies aside software control panel configurations.

  If you want you can disable firmware platform drivers like HP, NVIDIA, ASUS, INTEL, AMD etc.. except graphical driver devices in device manager. If you want Microsoft graphics - the best one is RemoteFX.

  I recommend keeping the little of remote management this VHD has - online, for security update if any. Most likely there won't be any updates.

  Please check name DAFRAYAL on disabled federation trying to validate deletion upon death just, because of name DAFRAYAL even though accounting is permanent.

  Stable processors without intuitive, deprecated features like Turbo Boost, but you can use ThrottleStop if you have Turbo Boost and power control in BIOS.

  In HKEY_USERS registry key - most of the things are LOCAL SERVICE as owner with one or few of custom user groups. 
DirectX, DirectInput, Direct3D, DirectDraw, Video, GraphicsDrivers, UnitedVideo, Input, InputMethod, WindowsRuntime keys have "Buff", "Latency" user groups set to read only with LOCAL SERVICE as owner.
"Buff, Latency, Chaos, Shove, Spar, Strength" one of which has also been set to read only on TPM, PnP, ACPI enumuration and service, PCI enumuration and service, power control and service, session manager control, mpssvc service, bfe service, wmiapsrv service, rpcss service, rpceptmapper service, cryptography software and control. Owner of them is LOCAL SERVICE.
Whole Microsoft software key owner is LOCAL SERVICE so is the WINDOWS drive for files.
Microsoft software personalization key has been isolated, so is the Process Lasso service and update orchestrator service.
Some services have been set to log on as Guest and disabled. You should know the accounts they log on to - if you ever want to start them.
DNS client service has been disabled and its registry key has been set to read only to prevent bugging out on networking adapters or TCP control.

  Spot verification, file integrity checks will show up some violations, because of COMODO internet security auto containment and intrusion prevention, if enabled.

  Awesome miner maps are excluded from antivirus. It's acceptable.

  Environment variables PATHEXT have been modified for computer speed and ZES SYSMAN has been disabled
  .BADNEXT;.COMx;.BATx;.CMDx;.VBSx;.VBEx;.JSx;.JSEx;.WSFx;.WSHx;.MSCx;.GOODNEXT;.EXE;.RB;.RBW;.PY;.PYW;.DLL;.MUI;.SYS;.DRV
  
  Best to stay on 192.168.*.* networking with your router, modem or hotspot. 
 
  Runs closest to real time audio and video codecs.
  RPC and WMI and WINDOWS time, firewall, CNG key isolation, performance counter services have been set to boot time.

  Frameworks "cancers" defined in firewall have been blocked which will stop clock from synchronizing, but not windows timer.

  This is folder name of file characteristics protected by COMODO - "DAFRAYAL"
Check AMD manufacturer usually used as executables, because in firmware comparison of x86_x64 and AMD64 architectures in characteristics etc...You don't have to, really.

  To start control panel (control.exe) or management console (mmc.exe) run them through POWERSHELL 7 (pwsh.exe)


  People's equadorial.

  Hardly shared passwords are eXzOlIvEsFoReVeR3@ or aLkInDlI3@